Exception Handling In Ruby 
  https://github.com/Ada-Developers-Academy/textbook-curriculum/blob/master/02-intermediate-ruby/exception-handling.md

  RAISE == THROW 
  RESCUE == HANDLE == CATCH 
  bubble up !

    Explain how exception handling works
      - class with hierchy
        - in ruby all sub-class of exception 
        - most are sub classes of standard error 
        - attributes: look at ruby docs 
        - behvior: ""
      - we raise an instance of type of exception

    Create begin-rescue blocks to "catch" exceptions
      - multiple exceptions should rescue least specific to most specific error 
      - w/o specfic rescue exception sub class, all errors inheriting from StandardError will be rescued. 
    Evaluate when to use exceptions 

    Raise an Exception When:
      A method is given invalid arguments
      Negative price
      Some prerequisite condition isn't true
      An order without any products
      Some required resource can't be found or is invalid
      orders.csv doesn't exist
      onlineorders.csv doesn't contain order information
      There's a problem external to Ruby
      User pressed Ctrl-C
      Note that many of these are handled automatically by Ruby!

    Don't Raise an Exception When:
      A search yields no results
      No order with that ID
      The user quits via a normal method
      Types quit at the prompt

      Exception	An object describing something that went wrong with a program. If not handled, will cause the program to terminate.
        Stack Trace	The stuff Ruby dumps to the screen when it hits an unhandled exception. Describes exactly what the program was doing when the exception occurred.
        raise	Ruby keyword used to cause an exception to take effect. Often used as a verb.
        begin	Ruby keyword used to mark the beginning of a block of code that might produce an exception.
        rescue	Ruby keyword used to specify code to execute if an exception happens. Attached to a begin block.
        ensure	Ruby keyword used to specify code that must execute, even if there's an unhandled exception. Attached to a begin block. Not covered in this lecture.
        Throw	Synonym for raise
        Catch	Synonym for rescue
        Finally	Synonym for ensure


Creating Custom Exceptions
  https://github.com/Ada-Developers-Academy/textbook-curriculum/blob/master/02-intermediate-ruby/custom-exceptions.md

  Learning Goals
    Create custom exception classes
    Use custom exception classes

    RECOMMEND INHERITING FROM STANDARD ERROR rather than exception 
    needs require_relative or same file 
    nothing needs to be in the class, all the things we care about are inherited from standard error. 

    not too many times is required, not necassery, but ok to do even if it feels contrived at Ada. 

